feat: as group support datasource (#2724)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/as_groups.md

---
subcategory: "Auto Scaling"
---

# huaweicloud_as_groups

> Use this data source to get all AS groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this data source to get a list of AS groups.
```

Author: done
